Add configuration field (#40262)
demisto/content: Packs/GitLab/ReleaseNotes/2_2_30.md

#### Integrations

##### GitLab Event Collector

> - Added support for **Fetch Instance Audit Events** parameter. When checked, the fetch mechanism will fetch events from the audit_events endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for **Fetch Instance Audit Events** parameter. When enabled, ***fetch-events*** will pull audit events from the instance.
```
